In this section we're going to be showing you javascript in action.
So it's a section where you can practice and work alongside a number of projects in order to get even
more familiar with javascript.
Take what you've learned in the previous lessons.
Put it all together and start building out applications practicing javascript with a number of mini
projects and exercises that we've got contained within this section to continue to expand as the Course
grows and expands to new content.
We're going to be adding a number of many projects in order for you to practice and get even more familiar
with javascript and apply what you've learned in earlier lessons.
And remember you can always go back to some of those earlier lessons and take those earlier projects
expand on them as you've gained more knowledge with javascript and make them even better.
Try them out.
The source code is always included in order for you to take that source code and work with it customize
it and make it even better.
This section's going to give you a number of examples of how to work with javascript and you're going
to really get to see javascript in action.